okay so here we have my latest little
widget which I call the Python it's a
Raspberry Pi with a Adafruit TFT screen
with sim 900 GSM card in the back and
you can see just there by my thumb the
microphone and headphone input output
and down below here we have DC to DC
converter so the lithium polymer battery
that's sandwiched in between the
Raspberry Pi and the TFT is converted to
five volts which powers the Raspberry Pi
plus the GB GSM module and the TFT
screen so it's all nice and standalone
so when I power it on you can see the
power LEDs on the Raspberry Pi see the
power LEDs on the GSM card and there it
is trying to associate with the cellular
network and that's all part up nicely
then when we have a lot on that arrives
being boot there are cells taking some
time to boot and but it's a book it's a
bit of a mess we wouldn't actually use
in the real word there Python Python
logo comes up with a keypad so if we
give it a test what I want to do is what
I have here is an old boom mic boom
headphone set with a microphone and
microphone so we'll just swap hands plug
in the microphone information just so
people can hear it I plug the audio out
from the PI phone into an amplifier
which I have over here so just let me
plug that in
ten seconds kind of awkward with just
one hand so you basically have a set up
so let's give it a go
let's I've done my own number with six
separate to the ational where it's seven
seven eight dial hello how are you doing
can you hear me yeah okay testing fine
no problem say want to trade the rail in
Spain hello
yeah good so it's working away
great alright cool
thanks a lot bye I just press the hang
up to hang up so there you see
demonstration of and what's interesting
I think is that it's powered from a PI
phone now it does apart from a dipole
and enclose the thing is it does get a
bit warm because it's not a lot of air
to go away from the Raspberry Pi to get
away from the CPU so you can feel it
getting a little bit warm it doesn't
crash or anything but I'm sure it
wouldn't be good to put it in an
enclosure without some sort of heat sink
anyway that's the demo hope you enjoyed
us catch you later